hey guys it's Larry Greenberg and today
we're going to take a look at the
lifeproof holster for the lifeproof case
for the iPhone 4 and 4s now I just
returned from 8 days at the beach and I
only brought one case with me while I
was away that is the lifeproof case I
really appreciated being able to bring
my phone everywhere I went at the beach
including the beach itself near the
water in the water
smearing suntan lotion sand dirt water
and everything around my phone realizing
that my phone was safe and protected
inside it virtually allowed me to bring
my phone everywhere now the holster
works in conjunction with the case
itself you buy it separately
$29.99 and let's take a look at it up
close right now if you like carrying
your phone on your belt this is a
solution that will help you do so with
the lifeproof case now you do get two
things in here and I already have it
assembled that's because before you get
to using the holster you have to decide
which of the clips you want to use
there's a one and a half inch clip which
is this one on my right hand kind of the
standard belt size then there's a larger
two inch clip which will work with like
duty belts if you're in the military or
police officer or wear a thicker belt as
I do you want to choose this bigger one
the key thing is hair you have to decide
once and one-time-only which clip you
want to use because once it's on there
you can't take it off so kind of like
test it on your belt that's what I did
without putting it on and then you put
it on the holster with this little disc
and that's what locks it into place so
just keep in mind you can only put this
on one time once it's on there it's on
there permanently so here is the holster
itself it's all plastic does have a cool
a couple cool features though first of
all you can place it in screen side in
or out it really doesn't matter if
you're going to be carrying it around I
always suggest screen side in like so
now it does have a lock on the back
which clamps down to prevent the phone
or the case so I'm coming out you can't
flip this clip up without sliding the
lock into the up position I did find in
my case that this lock was a little bit
on the loose side and it would lock in
unexpectedly quite easily when I didn't
want it to I wish this is a little bit
stiffer so when it's up you're able to
remove the phone you can remove it
one-handed while it's on your belt no
issue there and again you can use it in
the forward facing or kind of
rear-facing position no matter you which
you choose if you choose to carry it
screen set out really cool they added
this cutout for the camera in the back
of the holster I've never seen a holster
that had that feature built-in you can
see that there so if I want to take a
picture with my phone I don't have to
remove it from the holster I can do that
with no problem right here so pretty
cool that they added that in finally you
can also use it in a stand by placing
the phone into the landscape orientation
and just ratcheting the clip a little
bit kind of away and it will stand up at
a nice angle you can ratchet this clip a
full you know fold into both horizontal
and landscape mode I should say so you
could carry that either in either
position whether you'd like to carry it
on your belt straight up and down or on
the side depending on how you like it I
often find I like to carry it this way
I've got a bit of a gut I have to admit
and with it phone in this position kind
of jabs me on the side so I find that
this one works a little bit better but
you know totally up to you you can do it
either way just keep in mind you'll have
to unlock and lock the little clip every
time you want to remove and you know
insert your phone in here so that has
been a brief look at the Oh lifeproof
holster for the lifeproof case for the
iPhone 4 and 4s
check it out via the lifeproof website
link in the video description if you
have any questions about this product or
anything else you know you can always
drop me a line otherwise have a great
day